feat(route53): support for scoping down domain names in IHostedZone.grantDelegation() (#28084)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-route53/README.md

});
```

> You can optionally restrict the domain names that can be delegated with the IAM role. This allows you to follow the
> minimum privilege principle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict the domain names that can be delegated with the IAM role use the `DelegationGrantNames` class, 
which enforces the `route53:ChangeResourceRecordSetsNormalizedRecordNames` condition key.

This allows you to follow the minimum privilege principle:
```

```ts
const parentZone = new route53.PublicHostedZone(this, 'HostedZone', {
  zoneName: 'someexample.com',
});

declare const betaCrossAccountRole: iam.Role;
parentZone.grantDelegation(betaCrossAccountRole, route53.DelegationGrantNames.ofEquals('beta.someexample.com'));

declare const prodCrossAccountRole: iam.Role;
parentZone.grantDelegation(prodCrossAccountRole, route53.DelegationGrantNames.ofEquals('prod.someexample.com'));
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Visit [Using IAM policy conditions for fine-grained access control to manage resource record sets](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/specifying-rrset-conditions.html) for more details.

```
